[CLI] Auto-fit human tables to terminal width (#4251)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/source/en/guides/cli.md

| `-q`, `--quiet` | `--format quiet` | Print only IDs (one per line). Useful for piping IDs into other commands. |

> | `--no-truncate` | — | Show full scalar values in human tables instead of shortening long values with `...`. List- and dict-valued columns (e.g. `tags`) stay shortened; use `--format json` to see them in full. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--no-truncate` | — | Show full values in human tables instead of shortening long values with `...`. The table may overflow the terminal width. Use `--format json` for structured output of list/dict columns. |
```

not that containers are not truncated anymore (just tested locally with `hf models ls --no-truncate`)
